
Magic
Control:
Have any card selected.
Cut the deck in the middle.
As it is being returned into the bottom half, bend the half in your right hand just a little.
Then put the right half on top of the left half, and easily control the selection.

Revelations:
Hindu
Control card to top or bottom of the deck.
Some cards are taken from the middle of the deck an the selection is picked up underneath them.
A few top cards are stripped off the the top of the packet at a time and placed on top of the deck.
When they say "Stop!", the selection is dropped off the bottom of the packet to the top of the deck.
The top card is then revealed as the selection.

Cut Deeper
The card is controlled to the top of the deck.
Some cards are taken from the top, reversed and put back on top of the deck.
More cards are cut deeper off the top of the deck, reversed again and put back on top of the deck.
You will find their card is the first face down card in the deck.

Slop Shuffle
The selection is controlled to the bottom of the deck.
Some cards are taken from the top of the deck and flipped upside down.
Pick up the cards you flipped over and a few more cards underneath, and fip them all over back on top of the deck.
Continue doing this until you get to the bottom card.
Reverse the bottom card and place it on the bottom of the pack.
Cut the deck in the bottom half and show the backs and faces of the deck.
Cut the deck in the top half, and show the backs and faces of the deck.
Cut the deck in the middle and show both backs.
Put the back together with both backs up.
Fan open the deck and the selection is the only one face up.

Hot Rod
Six cards are set down in a row and the selection is third from your left.
As for a numbe between one and six.
If they pick 3 or 4 you count to the selection.
If they say "one" "Two" or "Six", you spell the number out from the left.
If they say "five", you spell the number out from the right.

Pop Out
A card is selected and controlled to the bottom.
The selection is slid out of the deck slightly.
Two cards are taken out of the pack and placed face up, one on top and one on bottom of the deck.
The deck is squeezed and tossed into the other hand.
The three cards stay in your hand, the selection is in the middle.

Ten to Twenty
Keep a brake 9 cards above the bottom of the deck.
The card is returned to the top of the deck, and the deck is cut.
The 9 cards are directly on top of the selection, with your brake above them.
Do a doube undercut.
The 10th card from the top is the selection.
A number is picked between 10 and 20.
Deal out a pile until you reach their number.
The two digits in their number are added together.
Pick up the pile and deal out the new number to the table.
The last number is the selection.

Tricks:
Auto Shuffle
8 cards are taken from the deck and shown to the audience.
The audience membe remembers one of the cards.
Out jog every other cards in the packet of 8.
Strip the out jogged cards out.
Show those cards to the audience and ask if they see their card.
If they see their card the stripped out cards go on top of the other packet.
If they don't the stripped out cards go on the bottom of the other packet.
Repeat this but move the stripped out cards to the bottom of the packet if they see their card,
Or to the top if they don't.
Repeat one more time, but move the stripped out cards to the top if they see thier card,
And to the bottom if they don't.
Deal two piles to the table, left then right.
Pick up the left pile and repeat.
Continue until there is one left in the left pile.
That is the selection.

Simplicity
A card is controlled, then glimpsed, then shuffled.
You claim to have memorized the deck.
The deck is spread and the audience takes out their card and moves it to another location.
You then quickly find the card.

Key Card
Peek the bottom card.
Allow them to cut the deck.
Tell them to look at the top card of the bottom half.
The bottom half is cut, and then the cut is complete.
The other pile is cut and the bottom half is placed inside it.
Their selection is one to the right of the peeked card.

Math Trick
Setup the deck in red/black order
It is shuffled then cut, but the top & bottom cards must be the same color.
The deck is dealt into two piles One is turned face up and spred on the table.
The other is dealt into two piles,
One card to the left if you see a red card.
One card to the right if you see a black card.

Stack
At the top of the deck you need 11 cards with 11 letters in their name.
As Ah 2s 2h 6s 6h 10s 10h 9c 5c 4c (any order)
Force one of the 11 cards.
Return card underneath the 10 others.
Bring all 11 back to the top.
Spell the name of their card to the table.
The last card will be their selection.

Next
Take 16 cards together and shuffle them.
Deal them into 4 piles of 4.
Allow them to pick up one pile, and remember a card.
Allow them to shuffle their pile.
Have them stack all the piles together.
If the pile they first selected is on top remember 8.
If it is second from top remember 7.
If it is third fro mtop remember 6.
And if it is on bottom remember 5.
Deal out four piles again.
Turn over one pile and ask if the see their card.
When you find their pile, turn it face down.
count off the number you remembered
the last ard is the selection.

Found It
The deck is cut into 3 piles.
The top card of one pile is peaked, and turned upside down.
Their pile is placed in between the two face down piles.
The deck is cut and then shuffled.
You take the deck turn it upside down and spread through.
their card will be first to the left of the longest run of face up cards.

Peek
The deck is cut and the facecard is shown to the audience.
If the deck is beant inward the bottom pip of the card can be secretly seen.

Glimpse
Spread through the deck looking for a card.
Glimpse the top two cards.
Remove one card from the deck matching the suit of one card you glimpsed and the value of the other.
Set it face down, and give the deck a false shuffle.
Allow the audience to take the deck and deal however mean they want face down.
Pick up their pile and deal it into two piles.
The top two cards will match the selection.

Reverse Monte
One card of the 3 is bent and in the middle.
Have the audience look at one card and switch the position of the other two.
If the bent card is on the right they picked the left card.
If the bent car is on the left they picked the right card.
If the bent card is in the middle, that's the one they picked.

Jack Boys
Two Jacks are face-up on the bottom of the deck.
One card is selected and controlled to the bottom.
The deck is cut and spread revealing the two jacks.
Pick up both Jacks with the selection under them.
Move the bottom jack and the selection as one card to the bottom.
Leave the top jack on top.
The deck is cut revealing a face down card between the jacks.
All 3 cards are outjogged
Two cards are placed in between the jacks and the selection, but not outjogged.
The three outjogged cards are pushed into the deck.
Some cards will stick out the bottom of the deck.
When you push those cards back in, the selection will shoot out the top of the deck.

Choice
The selected card is moved to the bottom of the deck.
A brake is kept at the 3rd card from the bottom.
The deck is given a hindu shuffle.
When the audience says stop, the 3 cards are dropped onto the pack.
Four cards are then dealt from left to right.
The selection is third from the left.
You then touch the card second from the left and ask the spectator to touch any card.
They will usually touch the selection.
If they don't, remove the card they selected.
This time touch the selection and ask them to touch another card.
They don't like to touch the one you put your finger on.
If they don't touch the selection you remove the one they did touch.
You are left with two cards, one of which you touched.
Ask them to touch one more card.
If they touch the selection as them if they want to keep it.
They will almost always say they want to keep it.
If they touch the other card remove it as usually.
Reveal the last card as their selection.

Ultimate Secret
Their card is controlled to the top of the deck.
They pick a numbe between 10 and twenty.
You deal that many cards to the table but outjog the one in the chart below.
Cut the cards marked by your outjogged card.
Deal the cards into two piles, and pick up the first pile dealing it into two piles.
Repeat until you have one card left and it is the selection.

10 9
11 0
12 11
13 9
14 9
15 11
16 11
17 1
18 1
19 3
20 3


Poker Deal.

You need 10 cards form the deck in this order
As, 9s, A, A, 9, 9, 10s, Js, Qs, Ks
Deal top two cards to the table.
Tell them they will choose one for themselves,
and you will take the other.
Now tell them you are going to let them pick a few more cards for themselves.
Deal two cards two the table.
Tell them to pick one for themselves.
Drop the rest of the packet on top of the other card.
Tell them they are going to get to pick one more for themselves.
Deal two cards to the table.
They pick one card for themselves and the packet goes on top of the other.
Now they have 3 cards and you have 1.
You deal two to the table and they pick one for you.
Drop the rest on top of the other card.
You deal two more to the table and they pick one fore you.
Drop the rest on top of the other card.
Now you both have three
You deal one more for them
And then you deal one more for you
Now you both have 4 and their are two left.
You show them both that are left and left them pick either.
They will have a full house and you will have a flush.

9 Cards

Take any 9 cards
Deal into 3 piles of 3
Put one pile on top of the other
look at the last pile with 3 and remember the bottom
put those on top of the other pile
spell out the name of the card and drop the rest on top
spell out "of" and drop on top
spell out suit and put on top
spell out magic, and put 'c' off to the side.
that's the selection

8 Cards

8 cards, they choose any one
replace it 3rd from the top
You tell them they can lie or tell the truth.
Ask them to name their selection.
you spell out the card in three steps as before
Then you spell out liar, and the next card chosen is the selection
If they tell you the truth you spell out truth and the last card is the selection.
